=head1 hacks.pod

=head1 WORKAROUNDS

Things that partcl has done that might be considered hacks -
things that will likely impair our ability in the distant future to
cleanly do language interoperability.

=over 4

=item PDD20 - lexical vars

The current scheme (PDD20) for lexical vars means that to be able use the
'store_lex', and 'find_lex' opcodes, you have to be inside a sub that's
marked C<:lex>: That is, inside a sub that corresponds to a HLL block that
introduces a new lexical scope. Tcl uses helper functions to figure out
whether a particular '$a' is referring to a global or a lexical var. We
keep track of the lexpads in the 'call_chain' variable and manually
look up lexicals in the lexpads.

=item user defined subs; parameter handling.

Tcl provides nice exceptions for dealing with argument handling - to continue
our example:

 % sum a b c
 wrong # args: should be "sum ?a? ?b?"

Right now, this is handled I<inside> the function definition - it is defined
to take an arbitary number of args, and then is checked for correctness
internally. It would be nice to have invoke() automatically figure this out
and generate an exception that Tcl can use. (This also starts to drag in
"how to do Tcl exceptions cleanly from parrot")

=item stack depth

Cheating and keeping a global around right now, so we can figure out if we
should be using a global or a lexical (and if so, how far down or up).

=item [trace]'ing

There are two ways we can go about the tracing - either we can keep the
information about the traces in a global, and check that global every time
the appropriate action is taken; or, we can tie that information into the
actual commands and variables. I think the latter would be somewhat cleaner,
and, if any other languages support this feature, this would give us a chance
to interoperate.

=item flush diagnostics

At the moment, there doesn't seem to be a parrot method for determining if
a filehandle was opened for reading/writing. We can work around this by
create a parrot-specific subclass of IO and tracking the information
ourselves.

=back

=cut
